wassup bull's ass this is zeros and i'm
going to show you my home away from home
this right here is what we work out that
own lift that much but that makes you i
come here at least twice a week it
seemed like he was always in here left
but the biggest gym around the team I
think okay I'm well over there Oh
Marilyn a whole summer without a break
we got a legend in the pool right now
Randy brown up and they're working out I
dig in there one time I got injured and
I really come walking they had me in the
pool doing a lot exercises so that's
about that grow up in the training room
got booze team nach booth and better
sell for it and while CJ 0 I don't
really get too much treatment after
practice bar before games every game
against regs so the more years you're
going to lead the more you got expect
the locker room where nobody gets to go
but you're lucky because you're with me
ebook security and Tony look at a luau I
don't give a bad movie today he then
practice this is my locker right here my
new shoes right here yeah this way
everybody's going crazy over especially
in Chicago the yacht really spun it on
my finger I got game like takes a lot of
practice a lot just gotta get used to it
but it really can't happen I would do it
to them right now but I want to give up
my secret this is where we eat before
every practice after practice we always
have the stuff to come I can't eat good
food come back here see coaches back
here eating closing Andy he's eating
i'll use the chicken rice corn all emo
fish or
read me so if it's any chicken back here
I'm definitely easier this way everybody
come watch tv watch college basketball
games or watch NBA games on if they're
playing early this right here and it's
what we have to go through every day one
of summer usually have a car to cheat
hard to come in here and shoot email my
friends that live when we come here
being here has to like three or four
o'clock in the morning just playing
especially in the summer because it's
nothing to do just having fun some of
them lift weights having music go on and
just out here competing against each
other this is the media today I remember
when we only have like four or five
people tournament but now you see it's a
game of people over there but all this
is good and we're happy to be in this
position this is right here is what
we're chasing for just one of these men
will be great great another tough one
I did I probably think there's gonna be
very hard but I think that we put the
work in plantine basketball you got a
lot of winners on our team and it should
be exciting these old shoes with that
run the burden making sure everybody get
the emails for me open the door just
making sure everything goes on right
here they do a great job happy to have
moving this is the room where we watch
presentations and all our meetings NBA
meetings and all that we have five TVs
two words computers over here since the
stuffing film he's making sure that
everybody's staying focused everybody
helped me on the same page and the
coaches tell been doing a great job was
making sure that we love prepare for
life situations like the playoffs like
making it far these are things that you
need hey you got all on my bed these are
ladies that make sure that we're very
comfortable getting massages Rachel
Michelle and Vegeta you see the upper
here practicing on each other but
obviously I have to get more massages
this year well I'm getting used to it
and they're here whenever we want me so
thank you
the doors is top notch where everything
is mine are not everything is new and
all that so it makes you feel
comfortable and it's kind of like your
home for real where everything is nice
and you just be yourself now you see in
a while work out Thank You Boris pants
or to a nail with me I appreciate you
all much love